these are the heads of their fathers
houses and this is the genealogy of
those who went up with me from Babylon
in the reign of King Artaxerxes
of the sons of Phinehas Gershom of the
sons of ethem our Daniel of the sons of
David Hutus of the sons of chacon aya of
the sons of Parrish Zechariah and
registered with him were 150 males of
the sons of pay hath Moab le holy and I
the son of Zahra hyah and with him two
hundred males of the sons of chacon aya
Ben jahaziel and with him three hundred
males of the sons of Aidan ebed the son
of Jonathan and with him 50 males of the
sons of Elam Josiah the son of Ethel aya
and with him seventy males of the sons
of Scheffer taya zebediah the son of
Michael and with him eight emails of the
sons of Joab Obadiah
the son of ji-hye L and with him two
hundred and eighteen males of the sons
of Shalom ahthe Ben Joseph aya and with
him 160 males of the sons of B by
Zechariah the son of be by and with him
twenty eight males of the sons of asgard
johanan the son of hokotan and with him
one hundred and ten males of the last
sons of adonai CIM whose names of these
Allah Follette Jehiel
and shamea and with them sixty males
also of the sons of big VI uthai and
zaboor and with them seventy males
now I gathered them by the river that
flows to a haver and we can't they're
three days and I looked among the people
and the priests and found none of the
sons of Levi there then I sent for
Eliezer Ariel shamaya el Nathan J rib el
Nathan Nathan Zechariah and mashallah
leaders also for joy a rib and el Nathan
men of understanding and I gave them a
command for IDO the chief man at the
place go Sofia and I told them what they
should say to it oh and his brethren the
Nathanael at the place Caesarea that
they should bring a servants for the
house of our God then by the good hand
of our God upon us they brought us a man
of understanding of the sons of male the
son of Levi the son of Israel namely
share abaya with his sons and brothers
18 men and Hushabye ax and with him
Josiah of the sons of Merari his
brothers and their sons 20 men also of
the Nephilim whom David and the leaders
had appointed for the service of the
Levites 220 netha name all of them were
designated by name
then I proclaimed a fast there at the
river of Ahava that we might humble
ourselves before our God to seek from
him the right way for us and our little
ones and all our possessions for I was
ashamed to request of the king an escort
of soldiers and horsemen to help us
against the enemy on the road because we
had spoken to the king saying the hand
of our God is upon all those for good
who seek him but his power and his wrath
are against all those who forsake him so
we fasted and entreated our God for this
and he answered our prayer
[Music]
and I separated 12 of the leaders of the
priests share abaya pasha bhaiyya and 10
of their brethren with them and weighed
out of them the silver of the gold and
the articles the offering for the house
of our God which the king and his
counselors and his princes and all
Israel who were present had offered I
weighed into their hand
six hundred and fifty talents of silver
silver articles weighing 100 talents 100
talents of gold twenty gold basins worth
a thousand drachma and two vessels of
fine polished bronze precious as gold
and I said to them you are holy to the
Lord the articles are holy also and the
silver and the gold are a free will
offering to the Lord God of your
father's watch and keep them until you
weigh them before the leaders of the
priests and the Levites and heads of the
father's houses of Israel in Jerusalem
in the chambers of the house of the Lord
so the priests and the Levites received
the silver and the gold and the articles
by weight to bring them to Jerusalem to
the house of our God
then we departed from the river of Ahava
and the twelfth day of the first month
to go to Jerusalem and the hand of our
God was upon us and he delivered us from
the hand of the enemy and from ambush
along the road so we came to Jerusalem
and stayed there three days now on the
fourth day the silver and the gold and
the articles were weighed in the house
of our God by the hand of mirror mouth
the son of Uriah the priest and with him
was Eleazar the son of Aeneas with them
were the Levites jaws Abad the son of
Joshua and Noah daya the son of bin UI
with a number and weight of everything
all the weight was written down at that
time the children of those who had been
carried away captive who had come from
the captivity offered burnt offerings to
the God of Israel
twelve bulls for all Israel ninety-six
Rams seventy seven lambs and twelve male
goats as a sin offering all this was a
burnt offering to the Lord and they
delivered the king's orders to the king
say traps and the governors in the
region beyond the river so they gave
support to the people and the house of
God
[Music]